---
layout: post
title: test
---



# E-Portfolio Final reflection paper

Sijie Lan *Sijielan@Gmail.com*

-----



Firstly, I wanna give Prof. Stacy my best appreciation for her great help and excellent teaching in our classes. 

This course has multiple tasks that cover so many scenarios we may face in the future. Even though these tasks are time-consuming for me, a non-native English speaker, it is still very interesting and challenging. I found so many problems and defects in my English skills in this course. If I did not attend this, I may continue using this language with so many flaws for the time to come.

1. **Based on your interview, what information was interesting to you?**
2. **From your interview, what information (if any) challenged your views on teaching?**

After reviewing my previous videos, I still found so many things I need to improve, and things that interested me.

During my interview, my lab mate Yan shared his experiences from his teaching assistant period, he gave me a lot of advice and useful skills. All those information is very interesting, especially the thing about how to deal with condition that students may disagree with your grading results on homework or exams. What most challenged me is that he told me if you disagree with some students, you can reject them in a proper and gentle way. Before that, I thought we should not present our disagreement directly. But now, I know that we can do that if we can do that in a more soft way.

3. **After watching your microteaching task videos, what CORE concepts do you feel like you’ve mastered? Which ones do you think you need to work on more? Give specific examples from your microteaching tasks or your reflection videos to support your answers.**
4. **How will you use the CORE concepts learned from this class in your future teaching contexts?**

After watching my microteaching task videos, I think the Connection and Organization parts I have mastered well. And I still need to work on the Rapport section. For MTTA and MTTB, I can organize all information I wanna give in a systematic and organized way, I know which parts need to be described first and what should be the following thing. Moreover, it is very important to connect some relevant things to help my audience have a deeper understanding and makeup connections with some background materials. But for the Rapport part, sometimes I did not focus on the reactions from my listener, which may ignore some crucial clues, for example, maybe someone has difficulty and express an incomprehensible face, but I did not notice that and just skip to the next part. This situation may lead students not fully grasp the knowledge I wanna give. So I need to work on this part more and more.

In the future, I will check if I follow the CORE parts which should be used. And review my teaching records after I finish the teaching each time. And checking if there is anything I could have done better.

5. **What was your favorite microteaching task? Why was it your favorite? Use specific details/examples.**

My favorite is MTTB since I can introduce something relative to my research area and do an explanation for someone unfamiliar with it. Through this assignment, I can accumulate teaching experience for the future.

6. **What was your favorite non-microteaching task assignment (journals, discussions, homework assignments, reading, etc.)? Why was it your favorite? Use specific details/examples.**

My favorite non-microteaching task is Journal 2,  attending a workshop and drawing up a summary. By attending the workshop, I discovered that the school has many resources on how to improve teaching and learning. And through these resources, I can better improve my TA. This will have a great positive effect on my future work.

7. **If your friend were to take this course, what advice would you give him/her?**

   Start your assignments early, not before the deadline, as this will reduce the quality of your work. (My miserable experience:)

8. **Give a closing remark on either what you felt was the most useful to you for taking this course or other thoughts that you have about this course (positive or negative thoughts are welcome!).**

Although I still suck at speaking, this class helped me improve a lot. All I need to do is to continue to practice the lessons that this class has given me over and over again in the future. One question, if I need any advice on speaking English in the future, can I email you anytime? (I hope this is not a rude question, I know you are not under any obligation to do so after this class is over)